# Portfolio-for-Final
So the first project I chose to improve upon was my twitter bot from the beginning of the year. My twitter bot actually didn't meet the standard for the completion of the assignment. What I mean by that, is that when I made it it didn't create 100,000 different things that it could say. So I made a new one and fixed that. For my new Bot I made a bot that will tweet out different sounds that lightsabers make. The account is called Lightsaber Noises and here is the link:
https://twitter.com/Lightsabernois1

For my second project I chose to go back to our glitch art. I decided to try a new method of making glitch art with a text editor. I did this by downloading the text editor Notepad ++ and dragging and dropping bmp files into it. I had to change the files I used from jpeg files to bmp files because NOtepad would not have recognized jpeg files. For my theme this time I decided on space because I'm a big fan of space and Sci Fi stuff.
The gallery of my art is available here:
https://www.pinterest.com/benbhermes/space-glitch-art/

The third Project I chose to revise was my clock. I actually really like my clock but I wanted to make it a little better. i thought the best way to do this was to add an interesting background to it. I did this by added three images, two of night and one of day to be behind my clock. This gives a sense of time to the clock in addition to the clock just telling time. The code to the clock it linked here:
https://editor.p5js.org/Bbhermes/sketches/-VNs1wtYL

For my fourth project I decided to make a new novel. To do this I took my old code for my previous novel and added a few lines to add varatiion in the length of the sentences the novel generated. I did this to make the novel feel more real and alive as real books have lots of sentence length. The rest I left the same. I also changed the input this time around. Instead of the script to Troll 2 I took the opening chapter of Dracula and input that instead. The result I uploaded here titled my New Novel. It is over 80,000 words long. The input that I used to get that I also uploaded here under DraculaChapter1. The code to generate the novel was also uploaded under the title Dracula Randomized. To use the code, use Google Collab. He is a link to it:
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1BSXTu_nHo7x1nrsBpKchsZasCBfID0Mi

General feedback for this class to Professor Whalen:
First is that I don't think you grading syle works. I only got feedback on one project and that was the Twitter Bot. Because of that I knew how to improve my twitter bot from your grade to make it better. We never really got feedback on any other project in this class and because of that I am actually unsure if the other three projects I "improved on" above have what you would consider major improvements. This leaves me feeling unsure and worried about my grade in the class. In addition, because of the lack of feedback i also don't know how you consider my performance in class this semester. Did I meet your requirements to pass? Did i pay attention enough? Did I work hard enough? Do you think I slacked off in class sometimes and if you think I did, how bad does that affect my grade? I don't know these things and I feel like I should. I definitely learned stuff about coding in this class, particularly in regard to HTML coding and python but I don't know if I learned what I needed too or what you wanted me too.
